lzma-uncramfs v0.7rg - Feb 2011 by Valerio Di Giampietro (http://va.ler.io)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
lzma-uncramfs is a modification of the uncramfs program to be able to
unpack cramfs images included in some openrg based home routers.
It includes lzma decompression and a different PAGE_CACHE_SIZE.

To successfully compile lzma-uncramfs an old version of lzma modified
by Jungo/OpenRG team is included.

Uncramfs v0.7
-------------

Uncramfs is a simple program currently written in C (but I'm working on a more
functional C++ version). Its only purpose in life is to unpack and list the
files in a cramfs image.

NB. this uncramfs includes unconditional support for the non-standard XIP
(execute in place) feature, whereby executable files are stored uncompressed,
so they will run directly from ROM (or flash). To activate this you have to
chmod o+t <file> This feature is currently used by the Agenda Computing VR3 
Linux PDA.

It takes 2 command line arguments; the directory to unpack into, and the name
of the cramfs image.

If the the unpacking directory name is (or begins with) "-" then unpacking is
turned off and you only get the listing.

It will print some "Reassuring" info about the cramfs image, and the listing
has been extensively reworked to look quite like the listing from ls.

If the effective uid of the execuatble isn't root then it won't even attempt
to create device nodes, or to set the correct owner and group on the extracted
files.

It currently doesn't handle unix sockets (but there aren't any in the stock VR3
images).

For example:
	uncramfs unpack root-0.20.0.cramfs
Will unpack the root-0.20.0.cramfs image into the unpack directory;

        uncramfs - root-0.20.0.cramfs
Will just list the contents of the image.

Uncramfs is copyright Andrew Stitcher and licensed under the terms
of the GNU GPL version 2.

Andrew Stitcher
6 June 2001

Please report bugs, send patches, feature suggestions etc. to
    astitcher@bigfoot.com

---------------

Version history:

v0.2: First packaged version released to net. Had a killer bug in uncompresssing
      files that lost all the files blocks after the first!

v0.3: Fix release from cam to remedy the killer bug

v0.3.1: Release from cam which includes some of his scripts

v0.4: [Not released to net]
      Ported original C++ code to C;
      Ported cam's bug fix (actually I had independently fixed the bug in my own 
       codebase);
      Extensively reworked the listing to be as much like ls as possible;
      Set umask to 0 in uncramfs so the images modes are correctly respected;
      Don't try to do privileged things unless we are running as root;
     
v0.5: [Released to net 6 June 2001]
      Added README
      Added some summary stats
      Can turn off the unpacking so we just get the listing (and summary)
      All summary info is in [] brackets for easy stripping
      
v0.6: [Released on wiki site, 8 June 2001]
      Context added to notes
      Fixed bug whereby suid information was reset on chown, leaving suid 
      files without suid permission. Credit to Luis Maria Cruz Vazquez for 
      assistance in nailing this bug. -Cam

v0.7: [Released on wiki site, 24 Oct 2001]
      Patched by Lev Serebryakov to allow non superuser to unpack safely. 
      Also includes mapping of UID and GID. -Cam
